Putting the easiest method at the top (#18175)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/xiaomi_miio.markdown

## Retrieving the Access Token

### Using Get Mi Home Devices Token App

> If you are on a Windows or macOS device, you can use the [Get MiHome devices token](https://github.com/Maxmudjon/Get_MiHome_devices_token/releases) App to retreive the token. Click the link, download the file that corresponds to your OS, enter your login details and it will retrive the access token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on a Windows or macOS device, you can use the [Get MiHome devices token](https://github.com/Maxmudjon/Get_MiHome_devices_token/releases) App to retrieve the token. Click the link, download the file that corresponds to your OS, enter your login details and it will retrieve the access token. 
```
